ENH - make ``get_next`` a regular solver method (#566)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/whats_new.rst

API
~~~

> - Enable accessing :class:`~benchopt.BaseSolver` attributes in ``get_next``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``get_next`` method of :class:`~benchopt.BaseSolver` is no longer static.
```
